and you guys talk about it he stopped at
area has welcomed another video and
carries today we are here to make a
angelina a circuit in the sky with bmx in
first person and it will be a pious gal
a total adrenaline the people will be
very fuck really and we are here with the
Full room, people, look, just send me a try.
showing you here is the lobby before
to start that it was just an ipam gang
O mother here in weight everybody line
of the ipam only the pesky that is not of the
gang but it's nuts hand tamo together
always guys come on then the 1 is over
leaving that's a shame but not really starting
so let's start and it was this race
here I once did to you in the
when I still had the
playstation 3 but now i am
playing her in the first person old man who
It will be a great experience.
Even I'm going to take this bike.
here because I think it's a bicycle
taboão is old known right here with
This is where the best dj off
Brazil until the human eye is very cool
even and win a circuit in the heights
circuit you already know how round the
bread valley is round is round in the circuit
the fields on top that pass zig zag
Word squid and it will be good bacaninha as well
Burning bacaninha, I want to see how it goes.
to be the first person the towel is to
low
You know the one that she was just walking around.
old wacky face look looks danger
sending oil bread pig looks at my danger
son occupies it will fall sent the guy
is there in front of me will end
falling down
only I did not fall alone than the Roman has
to take care of you guys do not beat
because he's not in ghost mode now
The week that goes will go
hear brat turned're're missing you
a little bit of the ramp
So we have to jump out of here at the moment.
here's a hand that you have to use here
head in the concentration of our
balance but to have our balance
but did she abandon that team
pro master old here just in balance
but having my son as soon as it works
occupy occupy my rappa be by a thread
Hair not to fall
Our offer fell on my side, no, no.
beauty manô I only follow I control only here
just control the shake with you here
there guys who came back by a
hair is not falling and pulling human
Caracu years I fall that's going to be going to be
Fuck, I sent the galley to me.
because then those races having
circuit
we have to take advantage in the beginning of
run if you take advantage in the
Start you blown your hand because no
Start where everybody ends up falling
O
but after a while you get the handle
better scheme or play even more
hardly talks, does not talk, does not talk
Nothing, my son, every time you talk.
You're not falling, you're falling.
it's always the way it works opa not
do not do not fall old do not fall a challenge
For me, old dude looks at the crew.
time leadership campaign time
how old is it
we are here on the fourth turn the old man
I think I have to play later.
once again the race here because it is
very fucking way more at first
old person experience pretty fuck
guys, I remember I'm going to put a
link in opa opa opa description of the video
that I did in third person the guys
on Playstation 3 just for you with
follow the level of my ability
no playstation 3
and now how is my ability that the
playstation 4 year old transvestite maize some
othon thing wanted to make grace and clean
Wanted to make fun, give me pity.
You already fucked yourself, my son, I wanted to do it.
Grace you only fuck yourself morning as soon as
it works
But I stay in second gear already.
and is already worth it and this
is good we spend here I think if
I had not fallen at that time there myself
would have almost reached first place
Will you come home and I'll think of
to get to the end worth my son polyp
son and son and that's it
one will end tomorrow to finish
You may end old can finish it
You went to the charts and she's the one who
I cared nobody would finish mine in my
front and sent the beauty he finished the
Proof ends is also good but not worth it
You are crazy fuck really cool.
It is this race in a circuit in the
heights look that was competed more
fuck o I evolve to the lowest level
level of command 15 rascal
now only the baddies year when they want
the theme leandrão
Now I'm a trickster in caring for you.
Now the bastard, my son.
Very cool guys from the race I
Remind me to put it in the description
olímpiada race that I played in
playstation 3 beauty galera in third
person for you to attend and that
participated was the guinea pesky Oborne
the tek wine nando and ogg the good mercenary
I hope you guys have tanned
then this race that playstation 4
So let's strengthen the channel.
That joinha maromba send that one
joinha mando felipão is very happy
even to each slab you give and a mix
Of yours, make all the difference.
also favorite videos on which ax
channel 1 out of Brazil then to the
next 21 thief and what is and what is the
our mother looked like they ninja on
them that I won in a smoke mouth